[FIX] localizations: guide to tax report to re-connect to HMRC (#5467)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/united_kingdom.rst

   it through Odoo, as Odoo only retrieves open bonds from the last three months. Your submission
   has to be done manually by contacting HMRC.

> .. _content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/register-company-to-hmrc:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _uk_localization/hmrc-registration:
```
While there are no 'naming conventions' when creating [custom anchors](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#custom-anchors), it isn't necessary to write down the full path. Generally, we keep them short while keeping them distinct enough to avoid any (future) potential duplicates. Feel free to adapt my suggestion as you see fit.

#. Log into the company for which the submission has to be done.
#. Go to :guilabel:`General Settings`, and in the :guilabel:`Users` section, click
   :guilabel:`Manage Users`. Select the user who is connected to HMRC.
#. Go to the :guilabel:`UK HMRC Integration` tab and click :guilabel:`Reset Authentication
   Credentials` or :guilabel:`Remove Authentication Credentials` button.
#. You can now :ref:`register your company to HMRC

>    <content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/register-company-to-hmrc>` and submit the tax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <uk_localization/hmrc-registration>` and submit the tax
```

Author: Sorry for late response, I was on leave the past 2 weeks.

I've made the change you suggested :)
